Add how_to/interactivity (#4762)
holoviz/panel: doc/how_to/interactivity/bind_component.md

> # Binding on components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Bind component parameters to widgets
```

titles should make sense with the 'How to ___' prefix

> This guide addresses how to bind parameters and bound functions on components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide addresses how to bind component parameters to widgets.
```

---

> ## Binding parameters on components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bind component parameters to widgets
```

> The power to binding parameters to components can be used with all of Panel's widgets and panes, which makes it easy to create powerful components. An example is by binding a parameter to the `page_size` of the [Tabulator](../../reference/widgets/Tabulator) widget. This will allow you to change the page size of the table with the slider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Panel component parameters can easily be bound to a widget. For example, the `page_size` parameter of the [Tabulator](../../reference/widgets/Tabulator) component can be bound to a slider widget, allowing you to interactively change the table's size.
```

```{pyodide}
import pandas as pd
import panel as pn
pn.extension("tabulator")

df = pd.read_csv("https://datasets.holoviz.org/penguins/v1/penguins.csv")

slider = pn.widgets.IntSlider(value=5, start=1, end=10)
tabulator = pn.widgets.Tabulator(df, page_size=slider, pagination="remote")

pn.Row(slider, tabulator)
```

> # Binding bound function on components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Bind functions to multiple widgets
```

This subsection should go into the other guide 'Make your functions interactive', as it is centered on binding functions, not component parameters

> ```{admonition} Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{admonition} Prerequisites
```

I think any prerequisite admonitions should go to the top of the page, right before the horizontal line.

1. Read the [How to > Make your functions interactive](./bind_function) guide to learn how to bind functions.
```

> Binding a parameter to a component is a powerful way to make your component interactive. However, binding a parameter to a component is not always possible. For example, if there is no ideal parameter for the component or the component depends on multiple parameters. In these cases, you can bind a function to a component instead with the use of `pn.bind`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binding a component parameter to a widget is a powerful way to make your component interactive. However, in some cases, like when a component parameter depends on multiple widgets, you will want to bind to a function instead with the use of `pn.bind`.
```

Let's say we have a function that outputs a string, which depends both on a slider but also a select widget.
This select widget has the option of using either ⭐ or 🐘.

```{pyodide}

def object_creator(number, object):
    return object * number

slider = pn.widgets.IntSlider(value=5, start=1, end=10)
select = pn.widgets.Select(value="⭐", options=["⭐", "🐘"])

pn.Row(slider, select)
```

We can now bind this function to the slider and the select widget to create an interactive string. Try changing the slider and the select widget and see the output change.

```{pyodide}
pn.pane.Markdown(pn.bind(object_creator, slider, select))

> ```

Reviewer: Add a `## Related Resources ` section at bottom, even if empty right now

# Binding on components

> This guide addresses how to bind parameters and bound functions on components.

Reviewer 2: @droumis asking you as I think you may know the answer to this question: do we have a special way to format the word `parameter` when it refers to a Param Parameter?

Reviewer: in general, we should probably settle on something like [here](https://pyviz-dev.github.io/panel/how_to/param/uis.html), but I'm not sure we want that in this sentence as these parameters being Param Parameters is not something the user should care about in this particular context, right? It may seem like a bit of a distraction by over-specification. I don't care that much either way

Reviewer 2: It seems to me we have to be pretty explicit at least in the explanations when Parameters are involved. The first example binds `slider.param.value` to  `tabulator.param.page_size`. Because Panel is smart you don't need to specify `slider.param.value`, `slider` is enough.

Reviewer 3: Thanks for bringing this up. We really need an explanation page that distills the Param docs down to what Panel users should care about.

Reviewer: [explanation>param](https://pyviz-dev.github.io/panel/explanation/dependencies/param.html) is a good place for it!
